Hello, welcome to 1 today
the biscuit comes from me in two
to dye
I have about 250 grams of butter here
let melt so properly and
because these will look what's there
Just pick up and have made up
then here about 125 grams of powdered sugar
two tablespoons of cocoa and about 400
grate flour so after you ship
you could have looked away here
your mother just in a jar for
or one so that the foam is down
can stay
So you do not take that with you now
and puts the cold so internet for so long
wait until the butter has gotten cold
I'll just go to the window
put so the mother is already cold
I've got it now in the manne
bowl clean
and give the icing sugar with no
mix together for the first time
and then slowly mail would enter
So at the beginning of the dough is of course so
scary around you have the feeling
somehow you can not do that
but if you always get together
kneads again then you get that
It's still a bit together
not angry but the longer you knead
pesto is better that way I will now
divide my day by two in the same way
I give light dough as orange flavor
such a small bottle in the other
I then give two tablespoons of cocoa
and of course that's for me too
I divided my time by two
once with cocoa with proper aromas
I have so small from my day
shaped balls so that goes all the way
light
the size is of course leave you over
but of course we all have to
be the same size
and then I will make it to every flower shape
So you always need six couples
outside of 1 in the middle
then watch it together then what
also holds
we do that with the helmet too
you can of course also here
also goes alternately
now I'll take my church in not
preheated oven at 150 degrees about 15
bake minutes
My biscuits are out of the oven
I will cool it down completely
leave and then serve on a plate
to find the cookies from I am pleased
of course, on a rating for you
and if the recipe pleased you
Of course, you also know that with her
prejudice and hope that it is fun too
did while watching and wishes
you have a lot of fun trying it out
bye until the next video